polish gsoc readme 2022 (#6)
jina-ai/GSoC: README.md

# Jina AI with GSoC 2022

<p align="center">
<img src="https://jina.ai/assets/images/logo.svg" alt="GSoC banner" width="20%" >
</p>
<p align="center">
<b>
X
</b>
<p>
<p align="center">
<img src="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/assets/media/logo.svg" alt="GSoC banner" width="60%" >
</p>

## 🔎 Who are we?
<p align="center">
<b>
Welcome to the GSoC projects page of Jina AI! 
</b>
</p>

[Jina AI](https://jina.ai/) helps developers around the world build neural-search<sup><a href="https://docs.jina.ai/get-started/neural-search/">?</a></sup> powered apps in minutes. We focus on making AI usable for advanced human interactions and building a better ecosystem for developers. 

We are firm supporters of open source and have open sourced multiple projects, including:
 
- [**Jina**](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina): A cloud-native neural search framework to build state-of-the-art and scalable deep learning search applications in minutes.

> - [**DocArray**](https://github.com/jina-ai/docarray) : Data type agnostic Python library for effortless processing and manipulation of data. A single data structure for all kinds of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**DocArray**](https://github.com/jina-ai/docarray): A library for nested, unstructured data in transit, including text, image, audio, video, 3D mesh, etc. It allows deep-learning engineers to efficiently process, embed, search, recommend, store, and transfer the data with a Pythonic API.
```

> - [**Finetuner**](https://github.com/jina-ai/finetuner): Finetune any deep neural network for better embeddings on neural search tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Finetuner**](https://github.com/jina-ai/finetuner): allows one to tune the weights of any deep neural network for better embeddings on search tasks.
```
